<story>
So if your reading this, you probably are a curious person. Just like me.
13-5-2018 today i decided to not continue on this project. And only keep it updated due to the lack of intrests of everyone.
I wanted to make a about page where i thank everyone and happly describe my adventure with Delta. I decided to make this "Story" so the curious one who stumbles on this page can read a bit of back story.

Alpha
I've started making "Deltabot" Before the summer of 2017. I wanted to selfhost the Nadekobot only for the .rcc command. This command rotated the color of a role. This feature was deprecated after some time.
When creating the bot, i needed to fill in a name. Asking my friends one came up with her OC (Elin). Her OC was Delta. Delta was a OC i helped to get ideas for that were loosely used.
The idea, name and design was perfectly and i decided to label my "short" project Delta. Delta would only consist of NadekoBot and would be hosted on Heroku.

Delta
My adventure was far from over when i got the bot working for the first time. The port for Heroku wasn't gonna be updated and i had to find a new place to host Delta on. After looking for free servers and other solutions that weren't doable i gave up for a while.
Suddenly out of nothing a vague german friend came into my life. We talked and eventually he offerd access to his physical server where i could host Delta on. Gremagol helped me from that day with little problems i faced with the bot. Or improvements i wanted to make to make the bot feel more "Delta".
In exchange of all his help i asked my good friend (second ex coincidently enough) if she could make him a drawing of Ene. This small gift turned out in something greater and they became more then just friends. Fast forward alot of happy moments were made, but sadly they reduced their relation to best friends.

Delta SkySilk
After i got NadekoBot working on Gremagol's server, i continued looking for a backup place where i had full control incase of. SkySilk offerd one free server with reasonable specs (256mb in 2017, 512mb memory 2018>).
One friend also made a free instant of the server where i implemented OpenVPN on. With permission i could host future projects on it. Like Discord.RSS.

Delta Fredboat
I faced more problems with Delta in terms of functionality. I replaced it's music module with the music functionality of Fredboat, because it's memory usage would make the bot unstable. Fredboat started to grow and grow more and i had to come up with a solution to host the application on a place i could manage fully.
With the knowledge on Heroku i started experminting to host Fredboat in Heroku. After many fails, i succeeded hosting Fredboat this way. Future updates brought down my workable version to unusable states. But time and time again i managed to fix these and have now a fully working dev branch in Heroku.
These findings were putted into a instruction and then pushed to Fredboat.com. This pull is on the date of writing this almost done.

Delta Discord.RSS
Meanwhile i also faced with the power of rss/atom feeds. Feeds that would enable new content to be send to Discord. Nadekobot had this functiontlity but was losley implemented and wouldn't work with most feeds i planned/were using.
I managed to host this bot with ease, and even wrote a Heroku instruction that's already implemented. Sadly i can't host the bot in Heroku due to the lack of hours uptime for a free verfied account.
The importance with this functionlity was more personal but lack of feedback began to appear...

Delta d-Zone
D-zone was my last added functionality to Deltabot. I managed to get it working and continue to this day. Not much intresting happend.

Main Delta
Project Delta began to bring friends closer together, have fun and functioned secretly as a way of affaction for Elin. These signs were slightly noticed but failed in the end. Reasons b/c people see you more as a friend.
I continued however but my close friends were slowly driffting away. The server became inactive and any attempt was a failure from the beginning.
For a long time i had these thoughs of just deleting the server. And even considerd to delete Delta. I concluded to keep Delta alive but only with updates.

Friends
Delta is a reflection of what i once thoughed would bring us closer together. The slot machine functionality was my dearest design/idea and refelected my friends in a compact and fun way.
Friends like Nyxiare, ArtisticFox, Shanon and Elin helped me with making Delta more unqiue by replacing it's stock images with something more Delta like.
I dearly love every single one of my friends. I know that i can always say hi, and with some i still have a good contact with. But i know that some will dissepear.

Nyxiare, 
Thank you for your support and the art you provided instead of Elin in some situations. Your a great support and the times we had while we had something were great and teached me well.
I know i can always hit you up, but latley i have no clue what to talk about and you seem happy in the server of Gremagol/Ene. I'm still greatful of all the little things you've done for us. Dankjewel.
You bring reason to my life.

Shanon, 
We still talk lots, not daily like we used to be but i feel were still standing strong. I love the unqiue personality you have. You bring happiness and sadness, but you always stay honest. We know eachother for 4-5 years if i'm not mistaken.
Your more speciale to me then most people i've met in my life. I look up to your talents and think how you started out with drawing. You've grown alot and you have archieved sustainability were i believed so much in.
I'm happy to see you being together with a great guy, and that your doing so well in life. I'm happy to still be your bestie and hope to meet you one day in your city. Mul?umesc.
You bring emotion to my life.

Elin,
We barley talk, and we had our fun times. We had drama, we had sadness. But we sure had our laughs. Even until this day i still think your shy around me. But i always were bald and tried to get you out of that shell.
Seeing you brought me a smile and made my day. I loved working on Delta and couldn't wait to tell you about the newest addition. I had an affection on you back in the days, but things were better like they used to be.
You were the one brining hope to the people who needed it the most. You shared your stories and found comfort. Your determination for what you love grows and reflects back to your work. In your drawings and in your plays.
I'm happy you've found someone like Dylan. He is made for you, and i hope you two will meet one day. Tack.
You bring respect to my life.

Akos, Lunii, Selina,
We haven't had a close relation. But i do cared about you all. I hoped we could be more but i'm glad we've met. We had our up's and down's, but we sure had our moments. I love how you guys create, share and talk.
To you three i want to thank you for being in my life aswell. Your importans equals just like everyone elses. Mul?umesc, Gracias, Thankyou.
You bring me kindness in my life.

Gremagol,
I loved that you were my only friend where i could talk about my hobbies with. I'm still greatful that you let me host my project on your server. Withoud you i've probably quitted Delta way earlier.
The moments were we helped eachother, made mistakes, and called eachother out for. With a smile, a troll, or a tear. Your patience and respect made you, you. Your a great guy and i hope Ene will be greater then you ever thoughed it to be.
I had my moments where i felt insecure what to say to you. But when i needed you, you were there and we always ended our talks with a smile. Danke.
You bring me consciousness in my life.

Fauzi,
I loved the times we had before. The calls we made, the crappy internet issues we faced. And the nights were we created the funniest drawings ever. Our talks were wierd, funny and confusing. We don't talk much anymore. But i'm sure if i return daily we could have the good ol times again.
I hope your art career may be a great success and enable you to do what i once dreamed of as a little kid. The profilepicture you made for me is something i still see daily, repeatedly. I hope you can buy your computer this year. You earned it.
I hope i could visit you one day. Your culture amazes me and i would love to hang out with you. You brought me great moments withoud any regrest. Terima kasih.
You brough me personality in my life.

Yaei,
We know eachother well, we worked hard on getting you out on the internet. You've bin trough alot, you're with the love of your life and i'm glad that your doing well. I hope you succeed in your career and that you get the time you deserve.
Your kind, and sweet. I hope we can soon work together again. Thankyou.
You bring me hope in my life.

Daniel & Isa
Normally we don't speak alot to eachother. But i appricate the amazing kindness and support i recieve from you two. When we planned our call i cancel my other plans just to hear and draw with you two again. I'm happy for the love you two have found.
Ýou two are amazing and i hope you two will transform your dream into reality. May you two meet your lover in real life and find joy. Terima kasih
Isa, i remeber still the day when i saw your face. It brough me joy and your smile and seeing you peform your passion, brough me happiness. I love your intrest in music and hope to meet you with fox in Brazil. Your an awsome person and stay your awsome self. Obrigada.
You bring me joy in life.

ArtisticFox,
My first. My first real friend i've ever made in my life. I remeber so well the day we met on Min's stream. The time we had, the excitment we had. We added eachother on Skype, and the following day you made my drawing. A drawing, a moment that ment to this day so much for me.
The times when we met were my darkest. People defined me, and brought me to the places i didn't belong. People used, laughed and didn't cared about me. You were there, not on my phone, but in my heart. When i felt sad i think about you. I think about the times we spent, we shard, we had.
You brough me purpose, reason and passion. We were youngh and wanted to be famous. We did so much compared to our minds. You had a goal, i had a purpose. We had fun and we made people happy what you gave them. On the days were i began to belong, to matter, to see.
I passed my pre-school, with your believes in my hand. I passed with the minimal, while the others were left behind. I didn't realise then what it ment. I teached the others because i cared. They passed and we all were glad.
With our group growing with new friends like Daniel, Isa and others who came and went away. I began my middle-school. Back where i left, with insecurity, doubt and no idea. Your presents in my life made me go trough, and even reached my goal to surpass the average. I still didn't knew.
Years passed, and the finals were comming. I did my best, but felt different. A feeling that i describe as confident. I felt scared but done. I couldn't learn i wanted it to be done. I went trough the exams knowing what i had to do. I listens to the songs that brought me here. Our stream songs.
I passed all exams and the day of recieving was comming. I was ready, ready to be looked down on, to be called out from. To be joked on. But when everyone looked, and the jokes should've come. I were thanked. They were honest, they were greatful. Withoud any censor they gave me the truth.
Withoud me many wouldn't succeed. People who don't have what i brough me dispear. I was their help. I realised i wasn't average. I was one of the best. People clapped and thanked me personal. I wasn't aware of their importans but they were of mines. I started to believe i was more worth because of who i am.
Now i'm on high-school/univeristy. I'm on the level that most of my family members couldn't even get to with the money they have, let alone the lack of intellegence and determination. I'm doing beter then expected, and i'm in my last semester. We don't talk as much but we still do talk from time to time.
Were both bussy with ourselfs, but we still enjoy eachothers presents when we talk.
Fox, Maitë, Astro. Withoud you i would've gave up my life. I wouldn't have met the others. I wouldn't have overshadowed the onces that tried to contain me. Your identiy remains still hidden for me, after many years (5-6). I sometimes think how you would look. How your room would look, what activities you do.
I can't thank you enough. I hope to meet you in my life, your actions caused me to succeed to the point where i'm now. I hope you future will be together with Daniel and your passion for languages and drawing be realised into your work. 
Fox. ArtisticFox. Thank you. For being my friend. To stay at my side. To be the one believing in me for such a long time. In my dreams, in my heart. In the passion i'm touching daily.
Quid dicere vulpis?
You bring me passion in my life. A purpose, life in itself.

Omega
Now what will the end be. Nobody knows. I've revisted my past. I've thanked the onces who brough me here. Maybe one day i'll continue working on her. But for now. I need to get myself toghether. To stay at school. And prove myself that i'm worth.
May love give me another chance. Thank you for reading. IRL-friends, your importans matters, but i'm unable to express how greatful.

Thank you. For reading. To everyone helping, and staying with me. Thank you. For being with me.
</story>